Services
Customized development of electronic devices
We offer a full cycle development of electronic devices (from mock-up to finished product) or, if required, can just complete individual phases:

preparation and approval of technical specifications for an electronic device you need;
selection of electronic components, mechanical parts and bundles for the device;
development of technical documentation:
development of electric circuits for a device;
software development;
development of printed circuit board drawings;
structural plans and design of product casing;
making mock-ups of individual assemblies within the product that are needed to complete the intended task;
developing the final versions of technical and user documentation, software for a product and designing man-machine interface for the software;
production of test models (assembly, fitting, programming and debugging hardware devices) and subsequent testing;
preparation for certification;
technical support.
* Some development phases may be missed out as required.
* Additional development phases may also be included if required.



Advantages
When ordering the electronic equipment development projects from "Dimgent Technologies" you’ll obtain the following advantages:
Cost:
One reason for choosing us is our cost-effective high-quality services.

Speed:
We take projects only up to our handling capacity and hence we are able to concentrate on each project.

Efficiency:
We have a number of standard design elements which can be used in the development of products for different companies, which also helps keeping costs down.

Support:
All of our projects are offered the on-going support from our team of developers.

Reliability:
All of the products we develop are assembled in our laboratory and tested before the delivery to your address. This is how we guarantee the high quality of our products.

Experience:
Our specialists have been creating electronic devices for more than twenty years.

Guaranteed success:
Thanks to our extensive experience we have a 100% success rate in the design of our products.

Our aim:
We want our clients to be fully satisfied with the results of our work.

We work with our clients until the product is exactly the one they want it to be.

We also offer ideas for changes and improvements of the product being developed in order to improve its functionality and efficiency.


Briefly:
We ensure that our electronic devices are cost effective by using the minimum possible number of components. We carefully select the components maintaining the balance between cost-effectiveness and high quality.

We can provide:
- The full cycle of electronic devices development (from concept to finished product).
- Provision of individual phases of development.
- Completion of uncompleted projects which have already been started.
And more…

«Dimgent Technologies» is:
- More than 20 years of experience.
- More than 50 successfully completed projects.
- Experienced specialists.
- Guaranteed quality.
- Short turn-around times.
- Cost effective.
And more…

We also offer:
- Industrial controllers and microcontrollers programming.

Is distance a problem? No, of course not!
The majority of our clients from other countries wish to outsource a device development to keep costs down.

Some were concerned that the work is carried out a long way from them, however once they have received the finished product and evaluated its quality they often make more orders for the development of other electronic devices.

We can assure you that distance is not a problem, since the Internet brings us nearer than ever before.

Furthermore, we will keep you updated on the progress of the work with photos and video if you wish.